Uh-huh.
Ah!
Ding Hao, what are you doing?
It's you
Mi Ho, you are not hurt
Ding Hao, you betrayed me
You deserve to betray you
Didn't you break up?
We all wear a pair of underwear
How could it be broken because of this trivial matter?
Who is wearing your underwear?
I'm just using an analogy
Lady, as soon as you take refuge in me, take refuge in you
How can my good sister submit to you?
We only have one big brother.
This is what you planned
Sure. When did you start planning?
After Zhenzhen was kidnapped
Impossible how impossible
The kidnapping was real
Except for the Way of the Two Queens and the Three Kings
Only you have the ambition and motivation
You did calculate my temperament right.
I will indeed retire from the world for Zhenzhen
But you miscalculated something.
Those who hurt my loved ones die
Big brother did retire to the rivers and lakes back then
But secretly let me and the queen
Investigate evidence of your collusion with the temples
Because the big brother said
You can't kill without evidence
But you do hide well
So I deliberately reported the goal
Lure you to meet
To find more evidence
Now the evidence is solid
Sun Xiaolong
You wait to die
I will die hahahahaha
I have surrendered most of the Delhi League
Why did you let me die?
Is it? Bring it up.
Big brother, um, we
We were ambushed.
annihilated